Move call_methylation_methbat to workflow output (#1060)
genomic-medicine-sweden/nallo: CHANGELOG.md

- [#1069](https://github.com/genomic-medicine-sweden/nallo/pull/1069) - Changed `vcf_concat_norm_variants` to workflow outputs
- [#1070](https://github.com/genomic-medicine-sweden/nallo/pull/1070) - Changed `call_methylation_modkit` to workflow outputs
- [#1071](https://github.com/genomic-medicine-sweden/nallo/pull/1071) - Changed `call_repeat_expansions_trgt` to workflow outputs

> - [#1077](https://github.com/genomic-medicine-sweden/nallo/pull/1077) - Moved testing of CRAM output from `samplesheet_target_regions_null` to `samplesheet` so it not only runs on PRs to the master branch

Author: I fixed a little typo here, but i am not sure i understand the sentence in the end 😅 
Should it maybe be like : 
```suggestion
- [#1077](https://github.com/genomic-medicine-sweden/nallo/pull/1077) - Moved testing of CRAM output from `samplesheet_target_regions_null` to `samplesheet` so it does not only run on PRs to the master branch
```
Or should it only run on PRs to the master branch ?
Sorry maybe i just have a hard time with english haha

Reviewer: English isn't the first language for either of us 😄 I think either would be fine, but your suggestion makes it more clear so go with that!

Before it ran only on PRs to master, now it should be tested on both master and dev since it was moved to the `samplesheet` test.

Author: Ok perfect ! Thank you for the clarification ! 😄 I will make the change then !
